[DOCS-12497] Add k8s persistence volume info (#33007)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/install_worker/kubernetes.md

See [Update Existing Pipelines][602] if you want to make changes to your pipeline's configuration.

> **Note**: If you enable [disk buffering][605] for destinations, you can use Kubernetes [persistence volume][606] to handle back pressure when a destination is unavailable or can't keep up with the volume of data that the Worker is sending.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you enable [disk buffering][605] for destinations, you can enable Kubernetes [persistent volumes][606] in the Observability Pipelines helm chart to handle back pressure when a destination is unavailable or can't keep up with the volume of data that the Worker is sending.
```
